if I could change something about my job, I would think the type of things
that are requested from me. I would definitely want to expand that
right now. As a zone electrician's chief. I mean, the most of the
time I'm in the role of Y N. C s senior chief Yeoman, that does a
lot of administration work. I make sure that all of my my sailors go
to the places that they're supposed to for their annual training, that
they have the words that they're supposed to get that I, um that
they have the evaluations, um, back and back and forth that they're
correct, that they're done correctly, um, that the people that are
supposed thio be the EPS and the MPs and the piece, uh, that those are
the rankings that we give that they're fairly distributed on. Uh,
I'm glad I'm in that position, but I would also like to have other
opportunities. Not just that and for the reserves, you know, because
we we're not active duty. There are only limited roles that we can
take. Um, for most of the people in Los Angeles, we go to this one building
and all of the people in l. A. Go to that same building. Um,
surge main has one single floor, and, you know, like there aren't that
many jobs that we can take. Um, whereas if you were an active duty
member as electrician's, there's a long list of jobs that you could
take throughout the country that you could go toe Norfolk for this.
You goto Japan for, uh, to be a shipyard superintendent. You can,
you know, be, uh, get in the chemistry if you want to. You can go back
to an aircraft, care to be an electrician's. You know, there's,
ah wide range of jobs that you can take, but being in the reserves,
you know, it's very, very limited, so I prefer that to be extended.